What does it take to hit million-dollar
months?
>> So, number one, it obviously all starts
with a We had a guy, he was at a $50,000
price point. Spent a little over 25K and
he did a little over 2 million in the
first 30 days, but he had a $50,000
offer. That was like under 40 buyers.
>> How long can it take to get to million
months?
>> It's hard to even put a time frame to it
because of how wide the range truly is.
In the most extreme case that's happened
a literal singular time was a month
which again I would never project that
expectation onto somebody.
>> What characteristics will prevent
founders from ever hitting million
dollar months?
>> I don't I don't think
Welcome back to another episode of
Founders Playbook. Today is a good one.
I flew literally to the other side of
the planet to get a conversation today
with these men. Today's guest has helped
over 41 businesses hit million-dollar
months. He's arguably one of the best
paid advertisers of all time. He's the
marketing guru behind some of your
favorite personal brands and
influencers. He's the founder and CEO of
Megalodon Marketing, an 8 figureure
entrepreneur himself. and he's here to
share with us today how to scale to
million dollar months which let me
clarify for him your chances of hitting
$10 million a year according to the US
Bureau of Labor Statistics is.1%.
That means that you have 99.9% of not
hitting 10 million per year let alone 12
million per year. But my hope is that
today at the end of this conversation,
you might be slightly better equipped
and increase your chances of hitting
million-doll months. Please welcome the
legend, the incredible Mr. Jeremy
Haynes.
>> Very good, very good earnings disclaimer
there.
Yeah. And necessary, too. You know, a
lot of people think they got it and uh
they just don't. You know, people have a
wide range of variables that hold them
back from ever hitting million-dollar
months. And uh I'm happy to go through
all those here today and and the top
lessons we've seen time and time again
that do help people get there. Where do
you want to start?
>> Let's just cut straight to the noise.
>> What does it take to hit million-dollar
months?
>> Yeah. I like to say it takes three
things. So number one, it obviously all
starts with a great offer. We've seen
time and time again like every key
statistic that actually matters. I'll
give you a great example. cost per call,
cost per webinar registrant, cost per
purchase if you're running a low ticket
to high ticket offer, uh the subsequent
statistics like show rates, uh close
rates, you know, second call booking
rates if you're running two call closes,
like every single individual statistic
is influenced by the offer more so than
anything else. So when we see somebody
that has something that just hits super
hard in that current market and and I'll
give you a good example like literally
right now while we sit here and talk AI
is currently the hot topic. If you go on
Google Trends and you compare most of
what you think is big against literally
just the letters AI you'll see that
whatever you currently think is big as a
Google trend just gets squashed to like
the very bottom of the graph
comparatively. And that level of
interest and that level of excitement in
a specific niche, as you could imagine,
creates a lot of excitement for people
when it comes to offers that could
potentially help them with things. So,
think about, as an example, like opt-in
rates or purchase rates, conversion
rates, close rates, show rates, etc. for
anything AI related. It has in most
instances, give or take who you are, um,
a very very strong set of stats. So, it
it typically all starts there. That
alone can be a huge proponent of
something that can get you there
quicker. Um, in addition to offer, kind
of like a subsequent point of offer is
pricing. So, I'll give you a great
example. If you had a $100,000 offer,
you only need 10 people to buy in order
to hit a million a month. We had a guy,
he was at a $50,000 price point. We
spent a little over 25K in ad spend in
the first 30 days. By the way, it's a
hyper unrealistic set of expectations
I'm about to set. This happened one time
in my decade plus career as an
advertiser. just to disclose. He spent a
little over 25K. He did a little over 2
million in the first 30 days, but he had
a $50,000 offer. So, as impressive as
that sounds, that was like under 40
buyers, right? And when you look at just
how math works, obviously, if I sold
something that was $100 by comparison,
and I wanted to hit a million a month,
it becomes that much harder, right? In
comparison, if I go bigger on the actual
price of whatever it is that I'm
selling, just makes it that much easier.
Package that with a great offer, makes a
world of a difference. Does that make
sense so far?
>> Yes, it does.
>> Yeah. In addition to that, there's two
other points which are the sales and
marketing side of things and then the
actual staff that are a part of the the
the deal itself. So, from a sales and
marketing perspective, I believe that
these two are conjoined. I don't
separate them out. I don't do the sales
versus marketing beef that most people
do. I think they're directly correlated
to one another. The success of the sales
team is largely due to the success of
the marketing team to bring in a good
financially qualified well-framed lead,
which can be done through content first
ad strategies or back-end selling
systems or a combination of both. Um,
there's a lot of marketers out there who
are very negligent to that influence
that they have over the sales team's
performance. Instead, they just point
their finger when a sales team does bad.
>> It's the easiest thing to do, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah, it is. It is very easy to
blame others. And then, uh, vice versa,
you obviously have to have great sales
people, too. If you have a super shitty
sales team, you're going to have a bad
time regardless of how qualified and
well-framed those leads are. Everything
is um
just it all runs together. You know, it
all runs together. Finally, a players in
the organization. Without a player a
part of the team, you typically run
slower. Everything becomes much more
political. The bureaucracy within the
organization grind you down to a pace
where it's very easy for competitors to
come in and outspend you. and therefore
out earn you. Uh minimize your overall
impact within that niche and industry,
reduce your revenue. There's um a lot
that I can sit here and attribute
towards just a player talent and
organizations that can make or break
deals. I'll give you a great example. A
lot of times people come to us, they're
around like a couple hundredk or
sometimes they even already hit a
million a month. They're looking to hit
the next mill. And you look at their
team and the justifications that they
make, aka the beliefs that they project
onto the business's potential are the
limitation. Like I can come in and look
at the marketing. I can come in and look
at the statistics that the sales team's
currently running. I can look at the
offer and you don't necessarily always
find something that's wrong. You know,
sometimes it's just the narrative side
of things which is typically spun up by
people, right? Like you don't look at a
set of statistics and have it tell you a
specific narrative in most instances.
You can conclude to a different
narrative than what I can about that and
then you share that amongst each other
and it becomes like a collective belief
that alone can limit potential or can
vice versa with a great set of players
in the organization. A players
specifically drive revenue through the
roof by direct comparison. So those are
the big three offer, sales and marketing
and then having an A players in the team
that that in my opinion can make or
break a million dollar a month deal
straight away. Those three thing that
you mention are definitely key and the
first one I love which is something that
you talk consistently which is attaching
yourself to the grand narrative AI being
one of those. We have a client that
actually when we first started with him,
he was all around e-commerce, Amazon
specifically, which is a trend that as
you know has been dropping down
consistently over the last decade,
right? And
>> it it it was pushing [__] uphill trying
to basically get him to to make great
money out of the content strategy that
we were putting together for him. And at
some point, we switch to Bitcoin because
he's a heavy investor himself. And he's
like, "Guys, I don't want to do it.
e-commerce is a nine figure
entrepreneur. He doesn't care as much
for the money in itself. And then we
just switch everything to SMSF Bitcoin
which is essentially like the equivalent
to the 401k
I think as you guys call it.
>> And dude, the growth has been insane
just because the grand narrative right
now with Bitcoin is insane. Right.
>> Oh, it makes a lot of sense. you know,
to your point, I mean, we have a few
guys that we help inside of the Amazon
space that that are in our inner circle
program, and they've had a lot more
success after they join in and like
adapt what they're currently doing or,
you know, attach what they're currently
doing to something else that has a
higher level of interest. There was a uh
there's a guy also in the inner circle.
I I he might be coming this weekend, by
the way, to the mastermind. His name is
Brooke. And you know, Brooke joined into
the mastermind, to be fair, already
doing more than 2 million a month. So,
he was already very well off, but I
can't stress it enough. He joined in
teaching e-commerce but he teaches
e-commerce and paired it with AI. So
like everything that he teaches and
talks about is how to leverage AI to
make getting into ecom easier. And as a
result of that it's like you can take
something else arguably like as an
example Amazon buy by itself all on its
lonesome. Not that appealing anymore but
same exact logic like you attach it to
some other grand narrative naturally
it's going to perform a lot better. You
don't always have to take what you do
and completely pivot out of it when
you're looking like he doesn't have to
completely go away from Amazon. He could
arguably still make that work, but he
has to attach it to something give a
[__] about.
>> Yeah, we had that same thing. Another
inner circle member, his um I won't say
his name because honestly I think this
one would be a little more obvious for
people that might be watching. I don't
want to air out his business like that.
Long story short, this guy was teaching
copywriting and he was around initially
at I think his peaks like 600k a month
organically and he had seen that get cut
in half as AI grew. Because think about
it, one of the first real use cases that
a lot of people saw evidence for with
these LLM that came out was copyrighted.
>> And this guy in particular as a teacher
of that, he was selling against using
AI. He was like, "No, no, no. You need
to learn the skill. like you need to
know how to do it. Um, this makes so
much more sense to have in your head
rather than using as a tool that's
going, you know, I told him, he sat down
at lunch with me one day
and I said, I think this is such a
mistake for you to sell against it. You
know, I think this is going to be a new
all-time high for your revenue if
instead of selling against it, you sell
with it and attach what you're doing.
like show people how much easier it is
now to be able to have AI work with you
and your copywriting organization.
Just sell with it rather than against
it. And he went home, didn't take him
long at all, which which a huge
characteristics of success by the way.
He got right back up to 600K within
about two months of that time frame. So
again, imagine your revenue just getting
chopped in half from selling against a
trend. And then you flip it and you sell
into a trend and your revenue just goes
right back to where it was. I last month
he had a record month to be clear. That
was several months after that lunch that
I had with him. I'm not sure the exact
amount of time that had passed, but he
had he had gone just shy $800,000 within
that next month.
>> So
>> it was great. But yeah, never sell
against a trend. I'll tell you that
right now. That'll absolutely [__] you.
>> Go go go towards the trend, right?
>> Yeah.
>> In terms of time frames to hit million
dollar months. Yeah. What on your
experience, what's the average? Let's
say a business already is at a 100k
months. How long does it take on average
with all those three things that you
mentioned previously, if you get them
right, how long can it take to get to
million dollar months?
>> It's hard to even put a time frame to it
because of how wide the range truly is.
Sometimes I've seen people as I
mentioned in the in the most extreme
case that's happened a literal singular
time that I've witnessed was a month
which which again I would never project
that expectation onto somebody. In most
instances it can take a good few years
give or take the individual skill set
and those other three variables like
where your offer currently sits.
Sometimes it's just market centric like
you're just in a tiny niche with not a
lot of potential. You don't always have
any probability. I mean, remember like
just like you opened up this specific
show with in this case. I mean, the US
Bureau of Labor Statistics, they run
those numbers against every single
business that exists and has existed for
how many of them have reported hitting a
revenue number greater than 10 mil. And
that number at 10 million was 0.1%.
Dude, it's like when you use Purll and
you have a 99.99%
probability of getting rid of those
germs and and whatever is on your hands,
it's like technically you have a
slightly better chance than Purel
because it's not 0.01, it's 0.1. But
still, I mean, those are pretty [__]
up odds. So anyway, for the ones that do
hit it, some some of them do it in like
under a year. Um, some of them it takes
a good like couple years of just
grinding through lessons. The issue is
the speed in which you solve problems
more so than almost anything else is
what dictates the speed in which you
grow. So most organizations they really
undermine that specific characteristic
and they tolerate problems far longer
than they should. Even the ones to be
fair that have like a high level of
aggression towards attacking problems.
They don't always overcome it fast
because look, you don't know what you
don't know. So, at the end of the day,
you can try everything that you're aware
of to overcome a specific plateau, but
dude, I mean, you might stay stuck there
for a fair bit of time. And depending
again, to be clear, on your speed and
willingness to like spend some money on
figuring out that problem or bringing in
new people to help solve the problem or
investing into the awareness that you
might lack to help solve the problem and
unlock new thinking dictates how long
you stay stuck. I've had guys that I I
remember one of our longtime inner
circle members, his name was Josh. And
dude, he when he joined in, he was at
300K a month for just shy of three
years. It's like 2 years and like eight
months, I think he told me when he
joined in he was stuck at 300k a month.
Why? Why was that guy stuck at that
range for that long of a period of time?
It's just tolerance of a specific set of
issues or a main issue that was
preventing the additional revenue from
rolling in. And if you don't have really
strong reasons to hit million-dollar
months and like really get your business
up to a big level, I mean, why are you
going to give a [__] to solve the
problem faster than you otherwise could?
You know, you're just going to kind of
sit there and be comfortable and
complacent with where you're at. He
lived in some like random area of the
United States, like call it like a tier
2 or tier three city, somewhere that,
you know, just didn't really bring your
potential out. you know, he didn't have
like a platoon of people around him that
tried to like push him and keep him
accountable to grow. And and listen to
this, when he first joined into that
group, he got to 500K a month within a
few months because I was immediately up
his ass trying to just give him some
solid reasons that were believable to
him for why he needed the additional
money. And then two, really, and this is
one of the most important parts, just
making him intolerable of sitting there
at that level and trying to push up to
that next level. Now, to be fair, that
guy never cracked million-dollar months.
You know, sometimes on your on your way
there, like I just articulated, you hit
these plateaus and not only will you be
tolerable of whatever holds you back,
you'll enjoy it. You know, cuz your
life, let's be honest, improves
exponentially
between even 300k a month and 500k a
month. You could start flying around on
little private jets. You might not be
taking the heavy jets like the Gulf
Streams and the Bombardi and Falcons and
all that, but you know, you're going to
be able to fly like on turbo props and
light jets and maybe even a midsize here
and there, but the um the quality of
life that you have, I mean, you're not
going to anywhere you could think of and
really looking at the price. Uh you can
buy most people's dream watches any
given month that you want. Uh depending
on your expenses, of course, but you
know, this guy's expenses were fairly
low in his business. I mean, you could
invest a tremendous amount as well. you
can invest a pretty life-changing amount
of money at a pretty consistent pace at
500k a month and again set yourself up
for a really good retirement to where
you're easily able to look at your life
at and even to be fair even less than
500k a month and just say
what the [__] do I really need the
additional money for. So a lot of people
unknowingly to themselves like they'll
hit these plateaus as they continue to
climb the mountain and rather than
turning it into a game of expanding on
your potential and you know bringing
that next version out of yourself and
applying importance to the additional
money you do bring in. You just kind of
get stuck and you're happy to be there
too you know. So it really depends on
the individual. you know, there's
there's a lot of things that can hold
you back. But anyway, long story short,
due to those variables, it's really hard
to define a time frame. You know, it's
really hard to say like, oh yeah, on
average it takes X because at the end of
the day, I only have the sample size of
the industries that we've actively
worked in to consider, too. So, I'm not
sure. I mean, I really don't know. I
don't I don't think there is an answer
to be fair. And if there is, I sure as
hell don't know.
You often break down the characteristics
of people that will be in the best
position to hit million-dollar months,
right? I want to flip it now because you
you also were breaking down some of
those.
>> What characteristics will prevent
founders from ever hitting
million-dollar months?
>> Yeah. I mean, pretty much do the exact
opposite, right? So, characteristics of
people who are generally impoverished,
number one, they're not resourceful at
all. One one of the number one
characteristics of success is just being
resourceful, being able to take whatever
is currently available to you and making
the best of it in order to grow to that
next level of opportunity. Speed. So, as
I mentioned, if you have willingness to
solve problems extremely quickly, you
typically have a lot of earning
potential in most instances dependent
upon the problems that you're solving
because you still need to solve
revenue-driven problems. People who stay
stuck and like don't ever [__] have a
chance to hit million- dollars. They do
busy work. um they never take high high
impact revenue driven actions. You know,
they'll prioritize just a bunch of
[__] that doesn't actually make
money. Uh you know, feel good about that
type of work, too. There's nothing worse
than priding yourself on non-revenue
driven actions that you solve or take. I
think that is um you know, when you're
in a for-profit business, obviously
you're there to make a fuckload of
money, right? And when you lose that
mission and you just like do work to
like feel like you got some [__] done,
you know, to get that like satisfaction
and that dopamine rush of completing
cycles.
>> You better make sure they're revenue
driven cycles anyway. Go super slow.
That'll always [__] you up. Work with a
bunch of B and C players. Yeah, just
work with a bunch of [__] idiots that
like don't care about revenue and don't
prioritize revenue and don't really care
about making a fuckload more money. Work
with people who intentionally try to
slow things down. Those are the worst
[__] types of people to have in your
organization. And have a willingness,
like I said, to just have all the
tolerance in the world for these kinds
of things. Like, don't have anybody that
pushes you to a greater level. Um,
justify your current position
financially, like act like you have
enough money is a great way to stay
stuck. I had a guy, sometimes I tell
people, you know, as pretentious as this
might sound, I have people that join
into things like my inner circle program
where I get like one-on-one talks with
them. And I had a guy just joined in.
It's my first call with the guy and he's
making about 140k a month. He's barely
scraping the minimum to even qualify to
be in there. And he tells me when we're
talking about like why he needs to make
some more money. I was like, you know,
so what are the reasons like why why do
you need more money? Why do you want to
hit million dollar months? And he's
telling me some reasons. And then he
gets to the point where he he slipped in
a random belief where he was like, you
know, I just recently
uh hit my highest month, my highest
income month I've ever had. And
I don't know, I just felt like,
you know, money didn't really do
anything extra for me. You know, it kind
of made me question if uh, you know, I
needed more money or not. And then he
kind of like glazed over it and like was
talking about some other random stuff
and I went right back to that and I
attacked the [__] out of it. And I was
like, "Dude, how in the world do you
expect to make more money if you don't
have good proper to yourself, highly
believable reasons to to get the
additional cash?" And, you know,
obviously bringing him to that
self-awareness made him kind of rectify
that belief and change it on the spot
and, you know, come up with new reasons.
Like I talked to him, he's 26 years old
and I was talking to him about
retirement. I was like, "Have you ever
even done math and looked at a compound
interest calculator of how much you need
to invest per month?" And I asked him, I
was like, "When do you realistically no
longer want to work for active income?"
And he was like, "I don't know, probably
sometime in my 40s." And I was like,
"All right, let's say you give yourself
20 years. Let's say you wanted to to no
longer just just whether you want to
work or not at 47. Let's say 20 full
years from now, you give yourself a
couple months before you turn 27, you
give yourself a full 20 years. If you
looked at, we have in the United States
this website called investor.gov and
there's a compound interest calculator
on it that the SEC provides to, you
know, investors and people who just want
to make sense of how compounded returns
work. Um, we have a collection of 500
different companies that interchange
give or take their performance called
the S&P 500. It's an index fund. And if
you look up the most recent 20 years as
an example of the S&P's 500's average
annual return, it's about 10%. Right?
And if you looked at investing about 10K
a month, so if you invest 10K right now
and you invested 10K a month for that
full 20 years, every month for 20 years
in a row, and you and you got an
annualized return of 10% and you don't
even factor in inflation into this,
okay? You just look at what your
portfolio would turn into. 10K a month
for 20 years in a row that you invest.
If you only gave yourself 20 years,
comes out to like a little less than $7
million. It's like six million and some
change that you're realistically going
to get. And then from there, you don't
go live from that point. Like the
average person in the United States,
we've actually had a pretty unfortunate
trend recently where we die earlier than
than the rest of the countries around
the world. But, you know, I digress. The
uh the point I'm trying to make is like
let's say let's say he lived into his
80s. Okay? So, he needed like another
full 40 years to be able to live off
that money. There's a golden rule inside
of finance where it's called the 4%
rule. So, as an example, let's say that
he only had that like six something
million dollars in his in his late 40s
at 47 to be able to live off of the rest
of his life. Well, the golden rule
that's been handed down by every person
who talks seriously about money for ages
that I'm aware of is this 4% rule. So,
that would mean every year he sells 4%
of his portfolio. You then have
long-term capital gains tax here in the
United States. Currently sits at about
20%. So that 4% off of that six
something million dollars minus 20% of
the capital gains taxes every time he
sells that 4% leaves him with like maybe
thousands of dollars a month. And I
asked him, I was like, "How much money
do you spend right now each month?" And
he was like maybe like 15 to 20k a
month. And I was like, "Dude, you
wouldn't even be able to currently
afford what you like how you live right
now. Like is this is this how you want
to live when you're like in your 40s
after working for 20 [__] years? like
is this is this really all you want your
life to be worth? And to be fair to some
people who have just a smaller life that
they're willing to live like the answer
is yeah. It's like no I'd be I'd be
fine. You know, I'm happy to live that
way. To others who would as a preference
I was like dude are you going to have
kids? Like how do you think that looks?
Like do you think you're going to need
more money for them between then and
now? Uh, do you think that when you're
in your 40s and your kids are like just
about to maybe have grandchildren or
like are just getting out of school
realistically like like do you want to
go visit them? Do you want to fly
economy when you fly? Like do you want
to stay in like a shitty hotel or like a
random guest room or on a couch that
they might have for you in their
apartment at the time? Do do you want to
like do anything greater than that? Like
do you want to do drive like Toyotas and
Hyundai's the rest of your life? You
know, do you do you have anything
grander than that in terms of ambitions?
And you know very quickly he started to
realize he was like yeah I mean my god
and I told him I was like you know to be
fair if you gave yourself a full another
10 years. So if you invested from 27
until 57 that same 10k a month it turns
into about 19.9 million if I remember
the math correctly. And long story short
it's like that's a substantial
difference but that's a full another
decade of investing 10k a month and
working which I told him I was like look
maybe you'll have willingness to do that
maybe you won't. Maybe you'll be out of
your earning window. Maybe you won't
even have the potential to to earn the
way that you currently earn. And you're
going to have to adapt a completely
different skill set at that later age.
You know, have you ever seen somebody
who's older how they behave when they
have to adapt to a completely new skill
set? It's like there's generally a very
very low willingness from those types of
people to make serious change to their
careers. And I was like, "Dude, you ever
heard of like pro athletes that go broke
after they've made tens of millions of
dollars in their career? It's because
they don't think about their earning
window. They don't maximize the
potential that they have during this
unknown to them period of time where
they're probable to make their most
money. And during that window, they
don't invest a fuckload of it. So come
time when they're out of their earning
window,
it's like they're [__] you know, they
rugged themselves. So, I was telling
him, I was like, as an example of, you
know, why that belief that he
articulated was going to absolutely [__]
him. I was like, dude, like, think about
that. Like, no, you you'd need so much
more money. I was like, "Go into that
that compound interest calculator and
just throw in some bigger numbers than
10k a month and look at the 4% rule and
look at the amount of time and, you
know, determine like how serious you
actually need to take just investing
alone, you know, and I gave him another
example. I had talked to him about
recently my uh I I won't say
specifically who I don't I don't want to
embarrass them, you know, I don't know
if they'll feel embarrassed about me
talking about it, but a very close
family member to me had come to me
recently and they're they're older and
they were like, I want to retire um and
I want to learn how to trade and you
know through through the inner circle.
Do you know Sean? Have you ever met
Seawn? No,
>> I don't think so. Anyway, we have a long
he I think he was literally the first
person who ever joined in. His name is
Sean. And he had talked to me a long
time ago about this this uh it was
called Prop Firms. And at first when he
talked about it, I thought he was full
of [__] He was saying he's making like
400k a month off these uh off these prop
firms. And long story short, like just
to summarize what it is, you you pay to
like show you're a good trader and then
they let you trade like fake money
technically, but they'll pay you real
money on what you earn because of the
fact that they're paying you with what
all the people who fail pay them. So,
like when you fail these accounts, they
have willingness to give you that money
because apparently it's like a really
low statistic of how many people
actually make it to the point where
they're going to actually have to pay
like people real money. Well, anyway, I
was one of those very few people that
got paid real money. I got to a point I
had between it was April of 2023 and
October of 2024, I had invested into
these accounts to like prove I'm a good
trader and like failing them hundreds of
time. I literally had like I think like
2,000 of these like [__] accounts
from how many times I'd failed 20 at a
time. So it might sound like a lot, but
I actually failed upwards of like 60
maybe like low7s. And anyway, I digress.
Point I'm trying to make is I spent
about 80 something,000 and I made just
over a million dollar and I got paid the
million. It was like a million88,500
I think is what the uh the 1099 that
they gave me was. Anyway,
the the family member had come to me
because they were aware that I had like
done a little trading and I was I was
telling them I was like, "Yeah, it
really doesn't take that long, you know,
wasn't taking me that much time in a day
to like do it." And I I'd felt like I'd
kind of cracked like a good strategy
with these like liquidity strategies
that I was using. And anyway, family
member comes to me and they were like,
"I want to learn how to do that. Like I
want to learn how to trade." So I was
like, "Yeah, dude. Fly out to Miami.
Like I'll I'll teach you. I'll show you
how over a few days and like send you
back home. See if you do good with it."
Dude, when that person showed up, I had
thought they wanted to trade just to
make some extra cash, right? Well, well,
the real reason that they wanted to
learn how to trade was because they were
in a financially [__] position in
their 60s. In America, we have this this
uh system that we invest into our whole
life called the social security system.
And it's a it's honestly a very terrible
financial return, but like regardless,
it's meant to take care of people who
make it to like 65 plus. And I think you
get a little I honestly I've never even
studied how much social security pays
you because I've heard my whole life
that it's going to run out by the time
that I'm actually 60 and like eligible
for it. And I'm under the impression
it's like [__] barely any money
anyway. But it's like the net, you know?
It's like the last [__] financial net
that you have before you're just
homeless and old. So anyway, he didn't
even know how little money it was. It
was like he was going to get like 2,000
bucks a month USD in in social security.
And he needed about $3,000ish dollars a
month to be able to like just live the
way he was currently living. And he
wasn't living in a big city. He's living
in a very small city here in America in
a in like a random state that's like not
expensive. And this guy in particular,
like he takes care of one of my key
family members and he needed a back
surgery. So, he had to retire because he
needed a back surgery. Okay. And he just
couldn't really work anymore. And if he
retired, he was going to be financially
[__] because he hadn't invested enough
in that 401k thing you were talking
about. He only invested about 500k in
his lifetime into that 401k. And if you
did the 4% rule on 500k,
>> I think it's like I think it's only like
$1,000 something dollars. I think it's
like $1,600 a month or something like
that. So between the social security and
between the 4% rule on his 500k 401k
balance, he would have been [__]
cooked, dude. He would have been [__]
So I just want to be fair and saying
just so nobody calls me an [__] since
I'm rich, I did put the guy on payroll,
too. I gave I gave him 5k a month. And
again, the point I was trying to make
with this guy I was talking to in the
inner circle, I was like, "Look, dude, I
did teach this guy how to trade and he's
actually done quite well with it to be
fair." And let me disclose, I do not
teach people how to [__] trade, okay?
I'm not in any way, shape, or form
trying to plug trading. I actually think
it's it's very unrealistic for most
people to make any [__] money trading
and it's really stressful, too. But I he
is doing good with it to be fair.
Completely separate point though. I tell
the guy that I'm on this call within the
inner circle, I was like, "Dude, think
about that." Like outside of the money
that you need to do the math on to
retire, think about like if a family
member one day that you care about comes
to you and says, "I need a surgery
that's going to cost money." He takes
care of a key family member of mine and
because they would both have have like
been down and out because the other
one's disabled. One family member is
disabled and the one would be disabled
after a surgery for about 6 weeks. I
called a
at-home nurse company in their area.
$20,000 for 18 hours a day for 6 weeks
is how much it cost to get a nurse at
their home for 18 hours a day to take
care of those two while he's disabled
for six weeks recovering from his
surgery. 5K a month in payroll just to
make sure the guy's comfortable taking
care of my family member and taking care
of himself. And I told I told the guy
I'm talking to in the inner circle, I'm
like, "Bro, think about that." It's
like, do you think I like financially
modeled that out in my life and thought
that that was going to be a reason I
need to make more money? Or like, dude,
like think about this. Like, the guy's
60 now. I'm paying him 5k a month. Let's
say he lives another 20 years. Okay?
Like, I'm right now sitting to you, I'm
in my early 30s while I'm sitting here
talking. I'm 31. It's like, dog, if he
lives another 20, let's say even 30
years, that's into my 50s and 60s when
I'm now paying that guy 5k a month. It's
like, think about that. Imagine me
having to go to him one day and be like,
"Hey, sorry, dude. Like, not making
enough anymore to give you 5 G's a
month." Like, you know, get [__] It's
like, dude, that's not how it works.
I'll probably have to increase the
amount I pay that guy through time due
to inflation and how that works out with
eroding our buying power. But the
emphasis I'm trying to make clear is
like most people think it's like you
justify making more money from just
materialistic [__] Like you go buy like
watches and like cars and like you know,
[__] sick pen houses like the things
I have. It's like, don't get me wrong,
those are cool as [__] too. And you
definitely should buy those because
they're great. But at the same time,
it's like the more serious stuff, like
how long are you going to have to work
for active income? What's your life
going to look like after your earning
window is [__] cooked and you don't
have the willingness to adapt to a
modern skill set that's in demand? What
are you going to do when your family
comes to you and is like, "Hey man, I
need some help." And it's like a serious
situation where you're going to feel
like [__] knowing you could have earned
more and you could have helped them. and
you just say, "Sorry, I'm not in the
position to be able to take care of
you." I had um random person, my my
fiance called me and told me this one
day when she was taking my I have three
little wiener dogs. And uh dude, by the
way, they'll be at the house when you're
there. You'll get to meet them. And
anyway, she was taking one of them to
the vet. And as soon as she walked into
the vet, there's this girl in there just
balling her [__] eyes out. and her
and the receptionist lady and a vet that
were there were like talking and
apparently this lady didn't have a
couple grand to be able to like save her
dog's life. Like they they needed to
resuscitate the dog and I don't remember
what other the specific thing they
needed to do, but like it was like a
life-saving thing that cost a couple
G's. Long story short, this girl didn't
have the money and she was sitting there
like literally if she couldn't be able
to afford that, which she couldn't, her
dog was going to die. like, "Dude, thank
God my fiance walked in in that exact
moment." And she goes, "Don't worry,
like we'll take care of it." And it's
like, "Dude, in that exact moment, I
saved some random dog I never even got
to see or meet from some helpless lady
who hadn't factored that kind of
situation into her life." You know,
financial security goes well beyond just
stuff. the stuff is cool and in my in my
opinion I also think important but at
the same time it's like you know people
have these beliefs like oh I made a
little bit more money and you know I
didn't really like feel any additional
impact it's like no dude you just don't
understand the reasons in which you need
a fuckload more money beyond what you
had just made in your you know record
month making barely a [__] 140 grand
you know so anyway very important you
understand like the wrong people
What they do is they omit the power of
money in their life and how it controls
every single decision that they make. It
determines literally everything. Where
they live determines the speed of their
internet. Every single [__] device
and thing in their home is determined by
money. The choices they get to make or
not make are determined by money. How
you travel. Like dude, I saw you had
flexed on your story there. You got to
fly business class from Australia over
here to Miami. It's like, you know, to
the average viewer watching this, do the
math on that for what that cost. You
know, it's not that crazy in terms of
cost, but it's like, I'll tell you what,
imagine flying that amount of time in
economy back there. I bet that would
have been a a wildly different
experience for you, huh?
>> Yeah, dude. It it felt like a life hack,
you know, and you know, and you know why
I appreciate it way more probably than
most people that get to do that? First
of all, I was the youngest person in
there aside from two babies that were on
board. I was the youngest person in
there. So that felt pretty good.
>> That's two babies.
>> Yeah, there was two babies, but other
than that, I was the the third youngest
person in the So that felt pretty
[__] awesome, right? And the second
part of it is that on my on my own
experience, I I come from nothing. I
come from Venezuela, you know, a third
world country, average income family. We
I was always told we're poor, we can't
afford things.
>> Yeah. So, I've been working on my own
money beliefs for almost a decade at
this point. And now being able to do
that, man, it felt freaking awesome.
I'll tell you that.
>> Yeah. And like listen, listen to this,
right? The the wrong people, I think,
stay attached to the wrong identities
for too long, too, right? Like now
imagine like you were just saying third
world country
family your entire life projected onto
you that you're financially [__] and
don't get the power to make choices
relative to the money that you don't
have. It's like you've chosen through
time whether you're aware of it or not.
Some people do this intentionally and
some people do this subconsciously.
They will adapt their identity relative
to the next level that they want to
bring out of themselves and a new set of
circumstances that they want to
actualize. You have to intentionally
create an identity that is beneficial to
what types of results you want to pull
out of yourself and achieve in life.
Most people they when you talk about
like the wrong people who don't ever
[__] stand a chance to hit
million-dollar months, it's like just
like that guy. if he didn't have the
ability to overcome that belief that he
brought up of like, oh yeah, I made a
little extra money and like had my
biggest month and I didn't really feel
like, you know, it was that great. It's
like, well, no, that's not going to
serve you at all. There's there's no
benefit to whatever the [__] version of
you is saying that. And and a lot of
people don't realize it's like your
Grand Theft Auto character is how I
always frame it to make it easy for
people to understand. Like, you can
choose every single [__]
characteristic that you currently think
is your identity. And every single one
of them that's that's not beneficial to
your growth, you can strip away and you
could change and you could adapt and you
could be literally anything and and
everything that you could picture in
your mind. Uh there's people out there
who pretend to be dogs, you know, you
seen those crazy [__] videos and it's
like they'll do things like wear collars
and eat [__] dog food and some it's
like well they're they're choosing to
play life like a dog, you know? Some
people choose to play life like a person
who hits million-dollar months. And and
again, the characteristics of that types
of individual is wildly different from
the guy or girl that only hits, you
know, a couple hundred grand a month or
tens of thousands a month or or, you
know, [__] just a regular person
working a job, you know? So, the wrong
people, they don't they don't adapt to
that mindset and worldview. Instead,
they believe they are who they are and
they try to carry that forward with them
all the way up. They they try to have a
set of characteristics
that they believe are their identity and
as a result of that attachment, they
stay stuck and plateau and have
tremendous friction. It's like driving.
It's like driving with a [__] e bra
pulled. You know what I mean? It just
doesn't work. Slows the car down. Makes
it wildly inefficient. the right
characteristics adapted to oneself is is
truly a determining characteristic of
somebody who does make a fuckload of
money. You have to have that, you know.
So anyway, yeah, moral of the story, you
got you got to have a strong set of
reasons that are highly believable to
you. That's the thing. It's like a
different set of reasons for every
individual, right? Like do you do you
like cars at all?
>> I do. What what cars to you would you
consider like a dream car? Something
that if you could It's got What? What do
you got there? Is that a G Wagon? Dude,
think about that. Like what is that? A
G63.
>> Yeah.
>> It's not even like a Mansuri one or a
Brabus one. It's just a G63.
>> Yeah.
>> That's like a 200,000 maybe at most
$300,000 car. As a dream car, it's like
let's say you needed 20 to 30% down on
that. And just to acquire the car, it
might cost you like let's say $50,000
down.
>> Okay, that's a measly $50,000
and a couple grand a month to be able to
acquire something as your phone
background.
>> You know, it's like that
>> step of actualizing something that you
want to have exist and and think about
this, having money be what prevents
the thing being materialized.
To me, I interpret that as I'm not
bigger than stuff.
You're telling me like I can't go buy a
[__] watch. Like I'm not I'm not able
to materialize a watch, you know? I'm
not able to materialize like a fleet of
cars, you know? I can't I can't I'm not
bigger than a house, you know? Like,
dude, I'm a [__] living being, you
know? Like, you're telling me I'm
smaller than like a bag that my girl
wants, you know? It's like to me that's
a deeply unsettling mindset
to fall victim to this worldview
that I'm smaller than stuff,
you know, and and as a result to that as
an example of a belief, I will I'll
never let stuff I I I love going out
there and getting those things that
to respect to the stuff are sometimes
bigger than where I currently am as a
person. And as a result to that, I I
just deploy this like relentless drive,
you know, from that worldview of like
I'm not bigger than a watch, you know,
are you [__] me? And it's it's such
a deeply unsettling feeling to think
otherwise. But think about how many
people are smaller than stuff, you know,
one car,
you know, one watch, one just sum of
money. And the best part is is there's
so much money that exists. Most people
never go look at the M2 money chart,
which here in the United States
represents the total amount of dollars
that exist that are in circulation. And
and here's the even crazier part. If you
if you look up Yeah, you you can ask
Chad GBT, you can ask Google, how many
dollars exist physically and how many
dollars exist digitally. And that's just
dollars, right? And then you go look at
every other currency that exists. Euro,
what what do you guys even use over
there in Australia? What do we call
>> Australian dollar? So you guys have the
Australian dollar. How many of those are
in circulation?
>> No idea.
>> Yeah. It's like, dude, you don't even
know how much money there is on the
screen.
>> It's like I when I looked up the amount
of dollars, just US dollars that existed
and I took the amount that I wanted to
capture and divided it by the amount of
dollars that existed. The fraction of 1%
that it was was like point fuckloads of
zeros. and then a one. And again, I just
thought to myself, I'm like, are you
telling me I can't capture that [__]
small of a percentage of dollars? You
know, there there there's so [__]
many of them.
>> It's too much of them, right?
>> Think about it. It's like you all you
really got to do is just provide enough
of a valuable service or product,
something that helps the earth and the
people who are buying it. because it's
people who have your money, you know, so
you got to have something that helps
people. And you're telling me you can't
capture a measly 12 mil a year, you
know, a million of these dollars in a
month when there's so many [__]
dollars. It just doesn't make any sense.
So from that perspective, right, that's
an example of like the right types of
beliefs that you start to build. Beliefs
and data are what drive behavior. Okay?
So the wrong people, they have all these
like [__] up beliefs and [__] up
world views and they feed themselves
data that inhibits growth rather than
easily encourages growth. You
understand? So it's like usually the
biggest issue when you look at like the
wrong people, they're in their own way
in all kinds of ways, right? And they
have to first unlearn
and like replace. I always Have you ever
seen Indiana Jones?
>> Yeah.
>> You remember that movie? One of the
first ones I watched when I was younger.
I think it was the literal first one I
ever watched. There was this scene where
where he was in uh like a cave, I think
is what it was. And there was this gold
trophy. You remember that? Like gold
[__] whatever it was. I think it was
like a monkey or something. Like a gold
monkey. and he had a bag of sand and he
had to fill the sand up and try to like
weigh it out to be the exact weight of
that like gold little monument thing and
he had to swap it out. And if he didn't
swap it out with the exact same weight,
that giant rock came rolling down the
hill and was going to crush him. And he
he did actually fail to swap it out with
the right weight. And the big rock did
come tumbling down, but thankfully
didn't kill him. Anyway, a lot of people
may have something
when we talk about attachment to a
specific worldview or belief system
that's not actively benefiting you, they
as a result of that attachment, they
they fail to swap it out with something
that's equally as like believable,
right? They can hear certain things that
people say and they might think of it as
like logically comprehensible to them or
sometimes like something that maybe even
emotionally resonates. But beliefs like
beliefs cause wars,
you know, beliefs drive people to quite
literally defend life and death. You
know, and if you think about it like
that, the the the the things that you
need to believe in to go make a fuckload
more money have to have such like
deeprooted importance to you in order
for you to go out there and actually
capture that revenue you're after.
Otherwise, you're just going to kind of
sputter out along the way and end up one
of those people that just gets
comfortable at a certain revenue
milestone and, you know, ends up one of
those folks that just hits a couple
hundred grand instead of the big
million-dollar months.
>> You know what I mean? One thing as well
that I understood at some point that
we're all like computers and in many
cases you have the wrong programming or
you have kind of like a virus that you
need to get rid of and you you have to
do whatever you can
>> to make sure that you integrate that new
version of you that you're trying to
bring into reality. That's why I always
have this and I'm constantly looking.
I'm an 8 figureure founder and investor.
Vibes Creative makes one million USD per
month. I'm the luckiest man alive. I
always repeat that to myself. And when
things guess what? And somehow I keep
getting lucky.
>> I work extremely hard and I do
everything to put myself in the best
position to win. And every time
something happens in my favor, I keep
reminding everyone I'm I'm the luckiest
man alive. And I remind my team, I pass
all these beliefs on on people around
me. I I'm being very intentional now
curating a team of eight players like
you often describe. and making sure that
everyone understands at Vibes Creative
where we operate, we operate at a
world-class level and we're the luckiest
people alive. Anytime something good
happens, I always tell them remember
who's the luckiest people alive and they
they now say it and initially it it took
time, you know, to get them to fully
integrate it and now they they do it on
their own as well.
>> Yeah. Because sometimes it's those like
you got to see it to believe it
situations. And to your point, like when
you initially say that, you just sound
like a [__] hippie woo woo spiritual
person that's doing the manifestation
thing, which not everybody believes in.
I'll tell you a good example of a better
way to reinforce that belief for some
people that might be on the fence. So,
when you have a belief that you think
could benefit you, okay? Like that one
right there, which you've seen benefit
in, and you're wondering like how I can
get, in your case, some staff to
integrate that same belief system. And
you don't want to wait in order for them
to see it to then inherit it as a
belief. There's a great book as an
example. You got to seek data. There's a
great book. It's the 38. It's it's
called 38 letters from John D.
Rockefeller.
>> I've been reading it.
>> Okay. That book is so [__] good. And
you know, for everybody who doesn't
know, which I'd be shocked if you don't
know, John D. Rockefeller is one of the
richest people in America's history. He
ran a company called Standard Oil, which
one was which was was one of the very
few companies here in the United States
that had to get broken up under our
monopoly laws from how serious that guy
was running train on the entire [__]
oil industry at the time. And anyway,
John D. Rockefeller wrote 38 individual
letters to his son. And one of those
letters was on creating luck. And there
were certain things in that book that I
read where I was thinking to myself as I
read it, this is profound, that one of
the richest people in America's history
way back in the early 1900s and late
1800s believed the exact same things
that I currently have as beliefs. It
validated my worldviews that much
further. And one of those specific
letters, I'm sure you read it if you're
reading the book, was on luck. and he
had talked about the importance of
creating our own luck and he had
essentially just in that specific letter
to his son reinforced the fact that I
believe through a story about Abraham
Lincoln if I'm not mistaken and his
persistence to uh Abraham Lincoln was
one of our presidents here in the United
States and he'd tell he told the story
about how uh how much failure he had
experienced and then eventually he had
become the president of the United
States and he had just talked about this
relentless pursuit of action and you
know resultoriented action at at that
eventually creates her own luck. But to
be clear, the point I'm attempting to
make is is like I deeply believe in
listening to people who are in this
case, you know, one of the richest
people in the world, you know, let alone
the United States that earned so much in
a period of time that I view it way
harder to have gotten richer. You know,
I know I wasn't alive back then,
obviously, but it still feels like it
would have been a whole lot [__]
harder to get rich back then
comparatively to what it's like to get
rich today with AI and the internet and
all the opportunities that that's
provided to us. But the point is, he
talked about the power of luck and how
to create it. And data can be what
reinforces a belief. You see what I
mean? Generally, when somebody proposes
something as something for you to
believe, you don't just immediately
inherit it unless there's something that
you see. Like, how many times have you
heard somebody talk about seeing aliens,
right? Or like how many times have you
seen even even here in the US, they
they've put out propaganda recently from
like our United States military about
different UFOs and like visuals that are
like always some [__] up distorted
video about a spacecraft, you know? And
there's always stories from some random
crazy looking older guy or girl that's
like, "Yeah, I worked in this like
facility for the government. Like, I
[__] reverse engineered these
spacecrafts and there was a there was an
alien inside of it." It's like, how
little does anybody actually believe in
that [__] It's like the data to be fair
of those stories from people who have,
you know, actually apparently worked in
these facilities that that persuades
some people, right? But like why hasn't
it persuaded you and I?
>> Because I I haven't seen it myself.
>> Well, that that's what it takes for some
people. It takes seeing it in order to
actually believe it. But it's also
important to note there may be a piece
of data out there that you and I
eventually see that might not be seeing
it. That's just a new random piece of
data that you and I haven't thought
through yet that when it comes across
our senses, we interpret it and we're
like, I'm a believer now. You know, and
that's the thing. And it's like when
you're trying to inherit a belief that
is beneficial to you, it's important to
seek data until you genuinely believe
it. Right? Because there's a lot of
people out there who have heard that
same concept of like, oh, you know,
manifest a great life by like repeating
things and like putting it as your
background and like they just think it's
hippie [__] you know? But at the
same time, there's enough people out
there clearly who have watched like The
Secret or like certain movies like that
that are like that's enough for me, you
know, that's that's my belief system.
But my point is is like, dude, that's
that's a beneficial worldview to have to
believe that you're a lucky individual
because how the brain works. You know,
we're going to have an opportunity to
see things that will inspire and make
luck real for us. But if we don't have
that worldview, we're not going to see
those things. Yeah. You familiar with
that lesson from Tony Robbins where he
says, "Look around the room and see
anything that's the color red."
And then he's like, "All right, now tell
me everything that was green." And then
the person he asked is like, "Well, I
don't [__] know. You told me to look
for everything red." And he's like, "All
right, now look around the room and tell
me everything you see that's green." And
you you only see what you're trying to
see. Yes.
>> You know, you only hear what you're
trying to hear. You reinforce whatever
beliefs you have. So, moral of the story
is, if you know that there's a specific
set of beliefs as somebody who's way
[__] richer than you or just getting
way better results than you are,
regardless of what you think about them,
I potentially want to consider like what
data am I lacking that would that would
help me inherit that belief system so I
can go out there and get a bigger
result. That's a big part of
million-dollar months. I'll give you an
example, right? So, the the 12 mil a
year, that's all million-dollar months
are. You know, here in the United
States, the the the US, we have a lot of
different little government entities.
And one of these specific entities, they
label any business that makes less than
$40 million a year as a small business.
So, it's like, think about that as an
example of a piece of data. When I when
I think to myself, so you're telling me
million-dollar months are hard, but yet
my [__] government's sitting here
telling me, "Yeah, I mean, don't get me
wrong, from a perspective of the US
Bureau of Labor Statistics saying that
0.1% of businesses hit it." That's a
earnings disclaimer, you know? That's
that's me attempting to tell you like
I'm not sitting here telling you're
going to make [__] buku bucks
watching this video. It's a small chance
and that chance is that ch. I mean,
that's that's the stats right there for
you. That's real. That's true. But at
the same time, what's real and true is
apparently a small business makes less
than $40 million a year. You're telling
me I'm going to be a [__] small
business forever, right? I was at dinner
with a guy the other day doing 42 mil a
year. He had an info business doing 42
mil a year. Sales trainer. He was
talking about getting to 100 mil. He
only has 2.5x to go to get to 100 mil.
Think about that. He's no longer a small
business. There's all kinds of examples
that you can seek, whether it be like
the John D. Rockefeller example where
you can see a guy who's one of the
richest people on earth when he was
alive still to date one of the richest
people on earth even though he's dead
his money still lives longer than most
people point I'm trying to make is like
him validating beliefs right different
government statistics can sometimes
validate the beliefs sometimes you look
at somebody who you just think is a
[__] idiot that makes more money than
you and you're like dude if that [__]
guy can do it you're telling me I can't
do it. You know, there's all kinds of
data points out there that you need to
inherit. And I can't stress it enough.
The wrong people, they never try to do
that, man. The people who stay stuck,
they they don't they don't they don't
have that system, you know? The people
who do adapt and solve problems quickly
and earn more and maximize who they are
and have like these dynamic
characteristics and identities. Those
people, they all think like that, dude.
They all have that worldview.
>> Now, some of the things that you just
covered as well were well, you you
should be making more money because
you're going to have these unexpected
expenses as well. Right now let's let's
tie that with what are the actual
expenses to foresee and profit when you
are looking to hit million dollar months
in terms of you know sales team ad spend
marketing uh deliver
>> that's a lot of them right there
>> like what what's the average that you
see in terms of percentages to
>> it really depends on the model you know
like a lot of the info product
businesses as an example they can see
upwards of like 50 to 70% margins give
or take how lean they run. Um, you know,
different product based businesses like
we have a guy, he sells hyperbaric
chambers. He hit a million a month. His
margins are more in like the 20-ish
percent range like maybe out good a good
month 30%. Um, typically you obviously
have cost of ad spend in most instances.
Sometimes you don't like sometimes
people get that call that I was on right
before we came over here, that's a new
inner circle member. He's in the trading
niche, but he has a sophisticated
demographic he sells to. He's not one of
those guys that's like teaching like
call outs and and like base level
trading courses. He does 2.2 mil a month
all organically off of YouTube. He's got
about 250,000 plus subscribers and
there's not any paid advertising cost
that he's incurring. Although to be
fair, he's going to start. So he's going
to start incurring that expense. It's
mainly sales teams. You got commissions.
You've got ad spend and any other
marketing cost. Typically have a good
chunk of payroll when you're hitting
million- dollar months. Again, depends
on how lean you're running and and what
your model is. If you have physical
products, because we do have a lot of
people that watch us as well that are
high ticket product businesses and they
obviously have like physical goods or
cost of goods sold, their cars. Um, from
there, taxes are a [__] huge one, you
know, like I spend $115,000
a month currently in taxes, and that's
projected to only go up, you know? So,
it's like I uh just a just a little
there's a little cash cow here for the
good old government. Anyway, um I can't
stress enough like there's always some
random [__] that you could factor in on
top of that, give or take what you do.
So, arguably, give or take the business,
some insurance cost, but you know,
you're just getting kind of into smaller
like nickel and dime expenses,
softwares, you know, couple hundred,
couple thousand bucks a month, give or
take the business and what they're
paying. But, um I mean, I I can't
necessarily think that there's much
bigger ones than that besides lifestyle
cost. I mean, most of these guys are
obviously siphoning off a big chunk
towards just living well. So factor that
out of the equation if you want to take
it against your margin, but arguably
that's more of, you know, not
technically taking off your gross margin
unless you're expensing it against the
business. You know what I mean?
>> You obviously across a decade that
you've been doing this, you have
experimented dramatically with many
different types of pieces of content,
right? There's a trend right now with
long form content specifically. I'm
curious to hear from you. What are the
best uses you have seen with podcast
content in order to hit million-doll
months?
>> Dude, I'll give you a good one. We we
took an hour and 55minut podcast, posted
it directly to Facebook, distributed it
towards people who don't know us. It on
a on a watching a full hour and 55
minute video, 100% video viewer that was
retargetable. You could also retarget
95% video viewers. It was costing a $155
to get somebody to watch that full hour
and 55 minutes. So, long long story
short, you know, for like a a couple
dollars or like under $2 to get somebody
What what did I say it cost? Did I to be
clear? I think it was like a$120. I
might have said $155. Excuse me. I was
thinking of the length of the podcast.
So, again, hour and 55 minute podcast.
It was like I think like a $1.1720
to get somebody to watch the full hour
of it. we could retarget up to 95% of it
and then we would retarget those people
specifically with direct response ads
and we do a lot of content first ad
strategies. So moral of the story is
we'll take content both on the front end
and distribute it to people who don't
know us and we'll retarget thresholds
way less than just the 100% threshold.
But the point I'm attempting to make is
is like sub $2 to get somebody to watch
that [__] long of a podcast. I'll
spend that any day dozens and hundreds
thousands of times over in a day if I
can. Um, especially towards people have
no idea who I am and I'll retarget
people who watch well below that
threshold too. Point being, you can post
up to 60-minute videos now direct to
Instagram as an example currently. Who
knows if they they keep that or not.
Point I'm attempting to make is very
simple. These podcasts are very
beneficial for both front end and
they're very beneficial for the back
end. So, one of the strategies that
we've uh recently been trying to push
and create some propaganda around the
hammer them strategy. So, we'll take
people who do something like book a call
and prior to the call, we'll distribute
both short form and long form content in
front of that individual and it's a
small pocket audience. Depending on the
scale that you operate at, you might
have to supplement it and make it a
little larger. uh people who operate at
scale like they'll typically see as an
example let's say you get 150 calls
every 72 hours right and your average
call time from the time they book to the
time the call happens is that 3-day
window that 72-hour window we'll take as
much [__] long form content as we can
ideally about a dozen to two dozen
different videos and we'll also take a
bunch of short form content ideally like
30 to 50 videos minimum and we put
what's called a frequency target on
these on these specific people in that
window so for short form as an example
We typically try to see a frequency of
anywhere from about 15 to 20. We want an
ideal amount of content to reach these
people in that tight time frame. And
we'll do that with long form content,
too. As a result of this, people
typically show up at a higher rate.
They're more excited. They're further
along in the sales process. They're more
probable to do pay in fulls and just buy
period. And sales cycles are also
reduced because typically organically
like you you'll you'll notice the more
people consume your content, especially
longer content, the more probable they
are to purchase. The downside of the
organic content sales cycle is is that
it's long drawn out and generally
unknown and unmeasurable. It's hard to
tell without asking. And even even when
you ask, you don't necessarily get an
honest answer, right? Because people
aren't necessarily aware of like, oh
yeah, dude, I've watched your content
for x amount of months or x amount of
weeks. You do generally hear it's a long
drawn out duration of time. What we try
to do with content ad strategies,
whether it's content first ad strategies
where we lead with content or strategies
like the hammer them strategy where it's
more of a they took a key action via
direct response and now we're trying to
hammer the [__] out of them. We are
leveraging content just like podcast as
an example to consistently get people to
show up with higher buying intent. Okay?
and we are replicating the organic sales
cycle but in a substantially shorter
duration of time. That's the whole
intention of content ad strategies.
Can't stress enough how critical
podcasts are specifically in that
process. A lot of people really struggle
to sit down and just make content by
themselves. They have a hard time just
looking at a camera and just yapping for
however long they can they can sit there
and yap. Now, me personally, I'm a D1
yapper. you know, I am I'm a class with
just sitting down yapping, whether it's
me or talking to somebody else. However,
it's a lot easier. Like, as an example,
there's probably even some things that
we've talked about here today that I
would not have conversed about if I was
just sitting down talking to a camera
individually. Um, thus the value of
podcast. So, podcast can also drive a
strong authority bias rel relative to
the niche and what podcast it is. But
here's the cool part. Like you have to
have a popping podcast that you're on to
be able to leverage that content inside
of your sales process. I think it's just
one of those things. It's kind of like I
always say sales is uh the equivalent of
breathing in business. As soon as you
stop breathing, you die. A lot of people
don't put any time and attention onto
sales and thus they make very little
money. I don't know why people view I if
you mentioned if you remember at the
beginning of the video I mentioned the
cohesion of sales and marketing. I don't
view them as separate. Like I believe
marketing in terms of how people
interpret it is just one to many sales
right I believe it's the modern
mechanism to drive attention instead of
doing the outdated like cold calls or
doortodoor like all the all the
higheffort
onetoone super cold mechanisms of sales
marketing especially content is just a
modern highly efficient sales mechanism
that's a one to many sales process and
as a result of viewing doing it that
way, you'd get on as many podcasts as
you could possibly get on. And not only
would you do that, you would leverage
those podcasts in your marketing via
content ad strategies to help further
increase the odds that when people do
have that sales conversation, they
actually close. So, I think they're
really important
>> and ultimately is just getting those
people to be better framed, right?
Leading to the sales process and
ultimately just feeling like they they
already sold, right? a lay down deal as
you will say and and in fact I I bought
from your program and the reason I
bought was because of long form content
which I will say that you essentially
have a podcast. It's just on on a
different format but what you're doing
is just talking in a long form content
in front of camera with a great
microphone. So I I call that podcasting
solo style episodes or authority style
episodes. So I'm curious to hear as well
from you because ultimately that's what
sold me on you was just consuming a a
bunch of content like enough for me to
be like well and I can't keep consuming
I need to take some action here right
but I'm curious to hear as well because
you you have made a clear big move in
the last 12 months in going all in into
long form content right so what has been
the result of you doing podcast style
content
>> yeah Great question. So, first of all,
my original intention was I had always
made content mainly for my education
company and towards what I would
consider like a lesser financially
qualified individual. I didn't really
try to to go out there and vocalize what
I simply put, I didn't believe that my
clients would actually watch like my
content, you know? So, I never actually
intentionally made over my decadel long
career content for my ideal client. What
we had always done to get our ideal
client was video pitches. And we did
this concept called valuedriven
follow-up as well. So we would just make
a video. We'd send it to a person via
DMs and email. We would follow up
religiously once a week for the people
that we really wanted to work with. And
we would just consistently put our
expertise on display through like SOPs
and unlisted videos and um testimonials
and just trying to get them onto calls.
And that's how we got damn near every
big client that we've got. The uh the
process was simple. like and as a result
of that I didn't I just didn't believe
that they were like on social media
watching these these videos. So last
July it's literally been one year I had
just kind of run a test. I was like you
know what [__] it. Like I'm going to
make content for my ideal client. I'm
going to talk about hitting
million-dollar months. I'm going to talk
about the lessons of hitting million-
dollar months from all these people that
we've helped. And I'm just going to see
as a test if this [__] can actually
drive some clients into the business.
Let's let's let's run a test. Let's see
how it goes. So, really simple for me.
Takes about 2 hours a week. Every
Sunday, I sit down from generally 2:00
to 4:00 in the afternoon and I'll film
two videos. And the videos are always
super easy to come up with topics for
because all I do is reflect on what's
going on in my client's businesses, both
good and bad. And I sit down on YouTube
and I just yap about it and I talk about
the lessons. And I generally hold back a
decent amount of information,
but I give out more than enough
information for it to be valuable and
for people to get results with it. I
think that's one of the most important
parts is it's like resultoriented
communication. I'm trying to help people
be able to take an action with what I
talk about, make some money with it
ideally, and be able to play with house
money when they actually go to hire me
or buy some stuff from me. Now, this is
actually a very interesting result that
we produced. Kind of shocking to be
honest with you. Instead of getting my
ideal client from all of these videos
that I produced, the shocking part was I
had gotten far more very highlevel
education company buyers instead. So, I
had gotten over the entire last year a
handful of like actual ideal clients as
a result of putting out this content,
which relative to what we charge people
to be fair, made it very well worth it
just considering it was 2 hours a week.
So, doing it 52 weeks now in a row is
104 hours just for simple math. I'm sure
there's probably maybe a dozen or so
hours on top of that for an occasional
session that took three hours instead of
just the even two. But yeah, dollar
value per hour-wise, it's been a
phenomenal return just to consistently,
you know, sit down and do this. I think
it's so fun. It's also gotten a profound
network effect, which I I could argue is
cooler. I've gotten so many people that
have, you know, reached out to me and
told me about the impact that just this
free content has had on him. And the
types of people that watch it, to my
shock, were again, it proved my belief
system wrong. They were the the right
types of people. And there were so many
more people than I ever thought that
gave a [__] about this
set of lessons that I just consistently
hand down. That was the most shocking
part. time and time again, every video I
get more people that continue to
subscribe to the channel and like the
network effect grows. Um, it's it's
really fun to think more so than
anything else like just just yesterday
actually I had this reflection. One of
these guys that I became aware of when I
very first got into entrepreneurship,
his name was Steve, you know, rest in
peace to Steve. He had died on Monday.
And
Steve was a guy. He had written a book.
He had made a a good amount of content
in his life. And I had I had connected
with Steve a handful of times throughout
my career. He was quite a helpful guy.
And I thought to myself, I was like, you
know, Steve's legacy is in his content
now, and it's in what he's documented.
And he's taken these lessons and like
contributed it to this just collective
knowledge base of like YouTube and
everywhere else that he's hosted it. And
I thought that was so cool. You know,
like when people talk about legacy and
leaving an impact, we're like, dude,
think about this. Like the John D.
Rockefeller book we were talking about.
I I bet with a lot of money that John D.
Rockefeller would have filmed [__]
content and sat down and like I I really
do believe that because it's hard to
describe like I'm not trying to virtue
signal in any way, shape, or form and
and sit here and say like I don't do it
for money. I absolutely do do it for
money with with like the routine, you
know, and I love doing it for money. I
love money so much. But but again like
from a legacy view like dude you and I a
100 plus years later are reading letters
that John D. Rockefeller wrote his son.
You know, what are people going to do
with these videos, you know, that go
they're like they're timeless videos,
you know what I mean? I'm not teaching
lessons that are just for here and now.
There's things in there that I'm
teaching that I like genuinely think
people 20, 30, you know, who know, maybe
even 100 years from now might find value
in. And I think that part's really cool.
I also think again when I talk about
network effect, the people I've gotten
to meet, like it is profound. The people
that have bought from me and have not
bought from me that are already at
million-dollar months looking to tack on
the next million a month, doing a couple
hundred grand a month, looking to get to
a million a month that I've just gotten
to meet, have conversations with, get to
know. Uh I don't know what people place
as a value on network but to me it is a
it is a hard
hard sell to sit here and try to justify
that that's not hyper valuable in itself
cuz how hard is it to just go out there
in the world and just randomly meet
people who make a fuckload of money and
are willing to share those types of
lessons. Dude, I get people that when
they meet me, they feel like they
already know me and so we skip past the
part of like this um you know, like the
little [__] like small talk like get
to know each other stuff. You just like
you already know what I'm about. You
know, you already have gotten to know
me. You already got like a general
perspective of my personality if you
watched a few of my long form videos.
And as a result, dude, the network
effect is so profound. I've had so many
more conversations over the last year
about things that I love to [__] talk
about, which is really just money and
make a fuckload more money and all the
cool stuff that money does. And that
would never happen if I didn't make a
fuckload of content and commit to that
routine and that schedule. So, it's
helped me get richer. It's helped me get
a whole bunch of other people way
richer, which obviously directly
correlates to a level of rich that I can
get to. It's added tremendous value to
my network. I've I've known and become
aware of so many more people I never
would have gotten the opportunity to
meet and connect with. And like again,
you get that immediate like good value
connection from people because they
watch your channel. And then lastly, you
get that effect that truly I never
really thought I cared about. like you
do get like a legacy component out of
it, you know, where if for some
godforsaken reason I just died, I'd be
like I I feel very satisfied to a degree
with what I was able to leave behind in
a very like well doumented way that just
like John D. Rockefeller's letters,
dude, like really think about that.
After you read that book, it just makes
you think like this was a real genuine
dude who's just super [__] rich and
very competitive and very aggressive
about making a bunch of money. I I truly
believe he would be so happy like
genuinely happy to know that you and I
sitting here right now over a hundred
year 100 years later are getting value
from what he wrote to his son. Dude,
that's so cool. You know, I I don't mean
legacy in some weird way. Like I just
think that's so cool, you know, that
that you could have that effect from
documented information. You get what I'm
saying? I love that
>> you
based on everything we have covered now.
Yeah. And you work with industry leaders
like Cody Sanchez, Tai Lopez, and many
others
>> that use podcast and long form content
right now to pass well over a million
dollar months. So based on that, do you
believe that business owners, founders
that are not using podcasting or long
long form style content are leaving
money on the table?
>> Oh, for sure. Yeah. It's like the wor
the businesses that have the highest
friction right now are not leveraging
content whether it be short form, long
form, but long form especially long form
content is where like listen, I think
through the COVID era when Tik Tok was
really popping and short form content
went on the rise and became the dominant
preferred
consumable. I think that eroded
the amount of value that people were
getting from content as a result of
being of it being so short and the
pendulum swung back to long form content
and people having a preference to
consume it because they realized that
there's a lot more meaning and value
from things that are, you know,
historically perceived as like long and
drawn out during that short form
preferential era. It's not like short
form isn't still hitting.
Short form still hits. It's great for
discovery.
And arguably at the end of the day,
whether it be YouTube where shorts exist
or Tik Tok or Instagram, wherever else
you you're posting short form nowadays,
the bias is clear. Like short form is
good for discovery. long long form is
incredible for nurturing buying intent
and that that key like relationship
development that's necessary to actually
convert people. You know, typically the
people who struggle the most are the
people who don't do any type of long
form content. The the people who have a
hard time,
simply put, are the ones who are biasing
exclusively towards short form or even
worse just not making content at all.
This is uh this or that segment. So, you
just choose one or the other.
>> Sure.
>> Tea or coffee?
>> Oh, I don't drink coffee at all. I just
do tea.
>> Sushi or steak?
>> I eat steak way more than I eat sushi,
but sushi is pretty good.
>> Expert or jack of all trades?
I think you should be good at many
things, but
you can commit to many things over a
long duration of time and still be an
expert at a lot of stuff. So, I guess
ultimately expert, but you know, if
you're going to be a jack of all trades,
at least commit to everything and be
great at it.
>> Product or service business?
>> When you're first getting started,
service businesses are much easier and
have a lot less friction. And as you
scale, I also think service businesses
become a little more complex. But at the
same time, you know, product businesses,
they have a lot less margin in most
instances. So, I don't know. I guess
your own preference. I like service
businesses.
>> CEO or founder.
>> I never I do the I I don't understand
why the word founder is like a popular
word. I I I mean, I understand the
difference, right? Like you can be a
founder and staff a CEO, but I always
identify as a CEO.
>> CEO or investor?
>> Yeah, great question. that one in
particular, there's that uh that Robert
Kiyosaki quadrant from Rich Dad Poor
Dad. I think everybody eventually
becomes an investor, but you can do both
at the same time. Arguably, you should
do both at the same time, you know. You
I I know a lot of people make a fuckload
of money from small businesses and then
they plow that money from the businesses
into investing and generally they still
do both, you know, but you inevitably
you should ultimately become an investor
when you age and no longer want to work
for active income. So, I guess it
depends on how old you are.
>> Instagram or Tik Tok?
>> I'm an Instagram guy, but to be fair,
Tik Tok's pretty [__] cool, you know?
I I I scroll Tik Tok more than I do on
Instagram because I I find funnier stuff
on Tik Tok. Like, Tik Tok's a good like
entertainment platform for me.
Instagram's cool for uh what I call
conditioning. Like, I I've conditioned
my feed on Instagram to be the things
that I want to see for like, you know,
all the rich person stuff I like. I
don't know. They're kind of neck and
neck. You got to pick one.
>> I would say Instagram. I'd say
Instagram. If I had
>> Instagram or YouTube?
>> I'd go YouTube.
>> YouTube or X?
>> It's tough.
I go YouTube.
>> YouTube or LinkedIn?
>> LinkedIn's a [__] hell hole. I think
that it's all spam. I think that
LinkedIn is dead internet theory. You
could nuke LinkedIn off the face of the
earth and I think we'd actually be in a
better place. I I'm obviously gonna bias
towards YouTube.
>> Photos or videos?
>> Videos.
>> Short form or long form video content?
>> Long form.
>> Newsletters or podcasting?
>> Podcasts.
>> My boy.
Organic or paid marketing?
>> Big paid marketing guy. But but shout
out to the people doing a lot
organically, too. They both technically
work, but if I had to pick, I'd pick
paid. 1 million followers with low
conversions or 1K raving fans.
>> 1K raving fans for sure.
>> Building a talent or hiring a talent?
>> You can't do both. I mean, it depends on
where you at financially, but if you can
hire A players, then I'd hire them all
day. Easier to hire than build them.
>> A talent at a high price stack or
multiple cheap C talent?
>> Hey, A players at a high price.
>> Property investing or shares?
I dude, I invest so much more into
equities than I do into property. So,
I'm definitely gonna say shares.
>> Shares or crypto?
>> Shares for sure.
>> Shares of Bitcoin.
>> I'm still going to go shares. You know,
controversial, but I'm going to go
shares.
>> Shares or buying businesses?
>> I mean, shares. Yeah, I'm still going to
say shares.
>> Building a business or buying a
business? Depends on where you're at
financially. Most people, me, I'd build
a business. I'd build a business over
buying. But again, if you're like super
[__] rich or if you're in a good
position of leverage, you can buy a
business and have it play out better.
But build a business.
>> Passion six figure business or stressful
eight figureure business.
>> How much you netting in the eight
figureure business?
>> Not going to answer. I'm just going to
let you choose one.
I don't think you have to be stressed to
make a fuckload of money and I think you
can reduce stress. So, I'm going to go
with the eight figureure business. I
have more money to be able to reduce the
stress.
>> The most important question, sales or
marketing?
>> Well, if I had to bias towards one or
the other, I I think they're both, but
I'm going to say marketing.
>> Now, Jeremy, specific questions.
>> Rolex or PC?
>> I don't have a PC. I have I have more
Ries than I have PEX. So, I'm I guess
I'm going to have to say Rolley, but I
mean
I don't know. That's tough. I uh I have
I have two Richard Mills. I have a bunch
of APs. And then there's a guy here in
Miami. He said Rolexes are great for
filling the watch box, you know. And I
thought that was hilarious. But I I
guess I'm going to have to say Rolex
just based on what I own.
>> Rolex or AP?
>> AP for sure.
>> AP or Richard Mill?
>> Richard Mill.
>> Ferrari or Lambo?
>> I can't fit in a Lambo. The windshield's
angled too low. And yeah, I've had three
Ferrari. So, Ferrari.
>> Ferrari or Porsche.
>> Now, I sold my Ferraris and I currently
have two Porsches. So, I'm going to say
Porsche.
>> Porsche or McLaren?
>> Oh, man. It's tough call. They're
They're so different. But I'll tell you,
there's no car I've loved greater than
that 750S. So, I'm going to say the
McLaren. But the Pors Porsche is such a
good car to be fair. They're there.
That's that's a tough choice.
After making millions of dollars, what's
the most painful lesson you have learned
growing an 8 figureure business?
Unless money has meaning,
it's tough to sacrifice everything that
it takes to make a fuckload of money
until you give it meaning.
And
time and time again,
you'll look at what you do, the level of
stress you endure,
and you'll ask yourself occasionally, is
it worth it? And then you'll have all
kinds of moments where you realize is
way more than worth it. But there are
some painful things along the way that
you endure, but those painful things
arguably make you who you are. And
that's, in my opinion, well worth the
character development. But man, some of
the challenges you face as a business
person are some of the most painful and
high stress things that you will ever
experience besides physical pain to be
fair. But um yeah, I would just say the
journey of entrepreneurship can be a can
be a drag, you know, but at the same
time, a majority of it is [__]
awesome.
The highs and lows. What's the biggest
difference between making seven and
eight figures?
>> Options and choices. You have so much
more that you can do. Everything goes
faster, too. The speed in which you can
materialize life and solutions and the
next thing is so much greater at 8
figures comparatively to seven figures.
It's so cool. There's such a profound
difference, dude. In terms of something
tactical, what would you say is the
biggest tactic that someone can
implement to go from seven figures to
eight figures?
>> Potentially some of those first three
things that we talked about, either
better offers, higher prices, that next
channel, that next strategy that you're
currently leaving on the table. There's
a lot of things that you could arguably
do in order to get there. But moral of
the story is it's it's typically what
you're not doing that's holding back
your revenue more so than what it is
that you're doing now.
What are the three most powerful
questions that a CEO can ask himself
that will help him crack million-dollar
months?
>> Who do I need to hire that's not a part
of the team? You could also technically
ask like, "Do I have the right people in
order to get there?" For that same type
of question, just rephrase differently.
Um, the math question is is one of my
favorites. Like, have you just done the
math on what it takes in terms of total
customers? uh the math of like reverse
engineering funnels that you currently
have to see how much you need to spend
and how much how much you need to how
many people you need to put through it
in order to get it to work. That's a big
part of it. Just like math related
questions specific to your current
conversion mechanisms. And then um an
amplification question, something along
the lines of um how could I amplify
what's already working? How could I
repeat a successful action at a greater
level than what I'm currently executing
it now? Those things typically have
profound effect for me every time I ask
them.
>> If you're gone tomorrow, all your
YouTube videos, podcasts, long form
content, everything gets taken away from
you. What are the three insights that
you will leave behind for your younger
self to be able to hit
eight figures
faster?
get other people richer for you to get
richer.
It takes the same amount of effort to be
small as it does to go big.
Solve problems faster. There's always a
faster thing that you could do that
could take you to that next level. And
you're probably not aware of it. You
don't know what you don't know. I'd
probably just pass down that quote to
simplify it. You don't know what you
don't know. And I would point to the CIA
talk that the guy gave. The head of the
CIA when 9/11 happened here in the
United States was asked, "How in the
world did we not know this was going to
happen?" And he said, "In life, there's
known knowns, meaning the things that we
know that we know. There's known
unknowns, the things that we know that
we do not know. And there's unknown
unknowns. The things that we don't know
that we don't know. And this was an
unknown unknown.
Long story short, yeah, you just don't
know what you don't know. You know, seek
info. Typically, your uh next self is on
the other side of something new that you
learn.
>> There is a book that you recently
recommended that is tied to this
thinking in bets.
>> Great book.
It has rapidly become the second best
book I've read this year be behind Mr.
Rockefeller.
>> Dude, yeah, that book's awesome, too.
Thinking in bets is great. What a
profound book. Thinking in
probabilities, being able to understand
when to go all in. I have I have a few
videos on my YouTube channel where I
talk about gambling and how I believe
the advertising is gambling as an
example. It's it's a profound way to
think. I think it's like a base level of
thinking that every business person has
whether they're aware of it or not. But
yeah, great book. Absolute must read if
you haven't read it yet.
>> And it's tied to what you were saying as
well that the unknowns, right, that
always have to be taken into
consideration and ultimately you will
never be able to make a decision or take
an action having all the information
because there's always the unknowns and
and the luck factor.
So if I promise you if you go and read
those two books that we cover you you
will get a ton of value.
>> What's the worst business advice you
have ever received?
>> You know I can't say I actively think
about it. I I hope that I've suppressed
it to not to not behave with it.
If I had if I had to come up with one
that I've heard over the years, I've
heard uh certain people like justify
staying at the level they're at. And
they claim that if you go bigger, like
more problems present themselves. And
that's typically not true. Like there's
problems whether you stay the same, go
smaller, go bigger. And I don't think
the problems necessarily grow in size as
you grow bigger. But there's a lot of
people I've met throughout my career
that consistently try to justify staying
at whatever level they're currently at.
And I think that is a very problematic
worldview to have. You know, I'm I'm not
convinced of that, but I've heard many
people talk about that.
>> What's the best business advice you have
ever received?
you know, my very first uh serious boss
I had, he was my second marketing job,
and he's he's a billionaire now, and
he's um
you know, profoundly shaped who I am
today, cuz he he had recruited me when I
was 19 years old. And
the worldview that he helped pass down
to me was
going bigger is as easy as
going small.
And I I didn't necessarily understand
what he meant at the time because
obviously I was just working a job. But
time and time again how it would apply
even when I worked for him towards the
later stages of like when I first
started to kind of understand the lesson
and its applicability to life and
business. It's very easy. It technically
takes the same amount of effort takes
the same amount of hours in most
instances to just produce a far greater
result as it does to produce a little
tiny result. And moral of the story is
it's profound how much that specific
worldview has shaped the level of action
that I consistently take and that I
encourage others to take. And uh there
are many other great pieces of advice
that he handed down to me. But time and
time again it all comes down to that.
Just go bigger. You know
>> we cover as well. You mentioned having
very strong reasons as to why you want
to hit million dollar months and beyond.
What are your reasons? Great qu. So,
first of all, the investment amount. So,
what I need to invest month over month,
I I deeply believe in have a $100
million target relative to the 4% rule.
200k a month, 20 years in a row, 10%
annualized return. Um, I pay a fuckload
in taxes to be able to do that and just
to earn what I earn in a month and in a
year. It's um, it's profound how much
taxes alone have actually make me want
to earn more money just so I can net
more money overall, which in turn makes
me pay more taxes, which in turn
actually makes me pay make more and earn
more and then pay more. It's an awesome
cycle. I initially hated taxes, but
surprisingly taxes have actually been a
huge incentive driver for making a
fuckload more money, taking care of my
staff. I love having a business that can
that can really make my staff rich. Paid
my top sales guy last month, $73,000 and
some change. Um, just last month we had
a guy, he works with us, he's my
marketing helper. Bought him in Aston
Martin. Uh, moved him down from one of
the uh, northwestern states here called
Washington down here to Miami, Florida.
Um, shout out to him. Great, great guy.
And I think it's so cool to be able to
have like that spillover effect where
like you get rich enough to where
everybody around you has a profoundly
better life as a result. It is my
genuine mission try to help as many
people as I can get a fuckload richer.
Not just for my own financial upside cuz
again I absolutely love money. Money
brings out potential in people. Like the
journey of getting richer has been the
journey of personal development for me.
And again I absolutely love money. I
love the stuff that I get to buy. I love
the things I get to do as a result of
money. I love jets. I love physical
things, you know. I love helping people.
I love philanthropic causes. I love the
speed in which I can materialize life. I
love the impact I can have. I I love how
many options I have when I go to do
literally anything. But truly, one of
the coolest things time and time again
is just how cool it is to see the ripple
effect in helping others get richer,
too. because I can then kind there's um
what's that little fork that like you
can ding and it vibrates. You know what
I'm talking about? It's like a it's like
a long U and and you have a prong and
it's made of metal and you hit it
against something and it vibrates and it
creates an effect of everything around
it as a result. And like when you take
one of those same exact things, I can't
believe I can't think of the name of
this, but it's like this uh like this
prong that you slap and and again it
just sits there and vibrates when
something else is around it that's not
moving that will start moving as a
result of this thing just sitting there
and vibrating and it creates like a
little vibrating effect in this. I I
think it's so cool to have that impact
on others cuz again, money makes every
single [__] choice that we ever have
in life. So being able to help other
people get richer and then seeing what
they then turn around and do with a
fuckload more money so cool, you know?
It's so cool to be the causation behind
that for a lot of people. I uh I find so
much joy in that, you know. But yeah, I
just look, I just absolutely love being
rich. I absolutely love money. I think
it's so fun just buying a bunch of cool
[__] Uh being able to just actualize on
potential, you know, being able to help
other people get rich as [__] being
able to take care of my family, friends,
loved ones, random people to the fullest
extent. I think it's our responsibility
to get rich because I think rich people
are some of the most important people on
earth due to the speed in which we can
make life better for everybody. I think
it is extremely selfish to be
impoverished and I do believe it's a
choice. I know that everybody starts in
different conditions, but you're a
perfect example of that. Came from a
third world country in an impoverished
family and you chose. It wasn't random.
You chose to be the man you are today.
You chose to help people the way that
you've done. And and again, you've
chosen day in and day out, decision by
decision to be rich because you
understand the benefits that it has in
life. And as a result of that, think
about how many people you can go and
inspire to do the same thing from those
same types of conditions. I've helped
people in some of the most bum [__]
nations on earth that are way worse off
than Venezuela. I'll give you a great
example. There was a guy that we had I
don't even remember the country name in
Africa. I'd never even heard of it
before. Didn't even know it was a
[__] country. And I'm pretty
geographically well-versed. Long story
short, this guy, he he was he was
making, listen to this, $4,000 a year
and being able to somehow live over
there, which I don't understand what
kind of life that would afford you, but
long story short, this guy ended up
getting a handful of clients, switched
up, was able to make $40,000 a year. His
quality of life for what he was able to
do for him and like literally everybody
around him was insane. This guy was like
sending me videos and [__] all kinds of
stuff that he was showing me he was
doing for his community. He was like
building wells, feeding like whole
[__] villages of people. Um he was
doing so much to like improve the
conditions of everybody around him. And
and how did he do that? By getting other
people richer through marketing
services. You understand? It's like
money is so [__] cool, you know? I
think again I just think being rich is
[__] awesome. I I can't imagine being
so selfish to not choose to be rich time
and time again. And it's the best
[__] decisions you could make.
>> I would heavily agree with that.
>> Yeah. [__] you.
>> What's the best life hack you have found
after becoming rich?
>> I'd say I'd say that I called it the
compound life when I first started
coming up with this. So, you can bring
everything to you. Like my I have my
chiropractors come to me, doctors come
to me. My fiance had a dentist come to
us the other day. Uh I didn't know you
could do that. I've had X-rays come to
us. I've had like again groceries
delivered to us. Uh obviously maids are
awesome. I I can't even think of I dude
there's so much [__] that I have come to
us and as a result it's my barber like
everything dude. Literally everything
comes to us and as a result of that it's
bought back tremendous amounts of time
which is awesome because time is as
people always say that variable that you
don't get back and literally being
richer allows you to buy back time as
people have always talked about. And the
crazy part is you don't always have to
just use the extra time to go do stuff
to get even richer than that. you could
just use the time to like sit around and
relax or like spend extra time with your
loved ones and family. Like there's so
much cool [__] that just buying back
your time affords you, you know? And as
a result of that, I think that's
probably the coolest hack is through
like quote unquote buying back your
time. Like I'll give you a good one. I
booked a jet the other day. It's a
4-hour flight and it only saves me four
and a half hours. Okay. The jet was
$44,000.
Okay. And listen to this. That extra
four and a half hours that I save from
not having to go through the traditional
like commercial flight process is
literally just going to be spent with my
grandfather who's got two different
types of cancers currently and could die
any [__] day. And literally as soon
as I land in that place, I have my
grandfather picking me up jetside. So, I
instantly as soon as I land, get to
spend time with my grandfather
throughout that remaining evening and
the entire next day. And
dude, I mean, I don't know what that'll
be worth one day, you know? Is it worth
$44,000 to spend an extra four and a
half hours with your grandfather that
you wouldn't have otherwise got to
spend? My grandfather for me has had a
profound effect on my life. Been one of
the only people in my entire family tree
that's had like good, genuine,
profoundly positive effects on my life.
I value my grandfather tremendously. And
uh I think it's worth it. And that's an
example where I'm not even using the
extra time to make more money, which to
be fair, I have many times over when
I've done things like that. But yeah,
this is one of those examples where just
buying back time allows you to afford
something like that. It's pretty [__]
cool what you can do with money. I'll
tell you that right now.
>> What is the most underrated thing about
becoming rich?
>> I'd I'd say the status. I think status
is so cool. A lot of people like to
ignore status because they don't have
it. But like there there it's it's
remarkable what status does for you in
terms of I'll give you a good example. I
was shopping the other day. I walk into
a store. There's a guy with a $200,000
Richard Mill. There's a guy with a
$400,000. We were in Laurel Piana if
you're familiar with that. And the guy
who was at the cash register. He owns a
watch business coincidentally here in
Miami. And he was using like I think he
said like $100,000 in cash that he had
just got from a watch to buy a fuckload
of Laura Piana. So like a money printer
is sitting there on the counter. There's
three people in the store. Me, this guy,
and this other guy, and two of our
wives. And long story short, the money
counter is just sitting there in the
back. Picture of money counter sound in
the background. Okay. There's three guys
in there with a couple hundred,000 each
in watches. And we all look at each
other and we all see what each other's
wearing. We don't necessarily look at
the outfit. In this case, all we do is
look at the watches and each one of us
instantly know the level in which each
one of us are operating and each one of
us instantly feel like it's a great
networking opportunity. We all start
talking to each other, but we don't talk
to each other about [__] Like, we
don't talk to each other about like
stupid little small-minded [__] We
instantly just start talking at a high
level. Like, we're like, "Hey man,
what's going on?" Like, "Love your
watch." That's the intro to the
conversation. And then from there, it
immediately moves into businessoriented
conversation about what one another's
got going on. That's how we find out the
one guy owns the watch business. Both
the guy and I who who don't own the
watch business know the guy who does.
We're like, "Oh [__] you're like so and
so." And he's like, "Oh yeah." And then
the Laurel Piana sales rep chimes in and
she's like, "Oh, you guys would love to
know this other guy." And this other
guy, he happened to be a [__]
billionaire. And and literally we all
exchanged phone numbers. I had gone out
to a dinner with those guys about a
month later with a handful of other
dudes that we knew that we knew
mutually. And dude, like it was just so
[__] cool. Like like that would never
have happened if we all weren't
signaling to each other the level that
we're operating at through in this case
the status of a watch. It's like the
status of cars, the status of watches,
the status of where you live, like the
status to be fair. This is my daily
outfit. Like I just wear the same
t-shirt. I same pair of shorts. I swap
in and out watches and shoes. But the
the point is like even outfits, you
know, where you get to go, where you
don't get to go. It determines your uh
your network and like types of
conversations you get to have. And it
doesn't matter to everybody to be fair.
I mean, I' i've had still great
conversations with all kinds of people
that don't give a [__] at all about my
status. Not to just make it sound like
you're not going to have good convos
with people just cuz you don't have a
nice watch, but I've had a lot cooler
convos and a lot more of those cool
convos as a result of status. I think
that's the most undermined
characteristic. And most people never
talk about because status is generally
not something that you speak out loud,
you know, it's something that you just
signal to people through stuff. You know
what I mean? And I completely agree with
that because since I bought my Rolex, it
has started so many opportunities that
otherwise even on my way here, I got two
people, another person wearing a much
better watch and a richer male will come
and tell me that's a really nice watch.
We just started a conversation because
of that and and you know,
>> that's what most people don't
understand. Like they think you're just
buying a watch to buy a watch and it's
like no, dude, you're buying a watch to
like
>> have an opportunity to to
>> be like, "Hey, dude, that's nut." You
know, it's it's it's a conversation
starter. You know what I mean?
>> Absolutely. So it it has been game
changing. Honestly, I I'll suggest you
you get a nice watch because it's that
one thing that you can carry everywhere
and it will open opportunities. On this
>> very well
>> last two minutes I would love to ask you
>> what didn't I ask you that could help
other CEOs and founders crack million
dollar months faster?
>> Yeah, I mean pretty easy. There's a
there's a few things that I consistently
talk about on my channel like, you know,
more like strategy oriented things with
marketing, back-end selling systems,
content first ad strategies, um
front-end selling systems as well,
things like messaging lessons, uh
funnels and conversion mechanisms,
strategies and tactics, um sales lesson.
I mean, there's all kinds of stuff that
like tactically and strategically we
could have talked about, but yeah, they
can find all that kind of stuff on my
YouTube channel.
>> All the links will be down below as
usual. Is there anything else that you
would like people to go and inquire or
connect with you, Jeremy?
>> No, I would just leave you with this. Go
get richer. You know, super selfish not
to.
>> As usual, everything will be down below.
If you do enjoy this podcast, if you got
any value out of this conversation, just
share it with any other founder, CEO,
business owner that could also get value
out of it. That's all I ask. Other than
that, I'll see you on the next episode.
And thank you, Jeremy, for making the
time to share your insights. I'll see
you in the next one.
>> Thanks, man.